So here, hopefully it has worked for you.
If you've run node train-drawings.js,
you could you should see this
this as well in the terminal.
And if we go back to the code,
what we haven't done here is we
haven't actually saved the model.
So here you don't see any model folder
where the model has been saved,
so we can write this now.
So here, let me just check this second.
Okay, so we can do a wait and
then model.save, so
that's the method that you can
call to save your model locally,
and as we're going to save it in as a
local file, we can write file as a string.
So, file:// and then we're going to
have it under the public folder and
we're gonna call it model,
and that should be it.
So that means that whenever
the training process is done,
it will save our model into a new
folder that is going to actually,
don't remember if it creates
the folder directly or
if we're going to have to credit
ourselves, but we can try that just now.
So if you save your file and
we run it, might complain about,
I don't know what the model folder is,
no, it didn't complain?
It did.
Okay, so it does create automatically
the folder that as long
as you pass the right path to it.
So now it means that here we have our
machine learning model that has very poor
accuracy [LAUGH], but
it means that here you have,
as I was talking about yesterday.
In the model.json file,
you have the details of the layers
that we created ourselves, so
we can see our sequential, here we
have a first layer that's a conv2d.
And then there are probably some default
settings because variance scaling,
we didn't write that, so it means that
that's probably one of the default stuff.
And here we have a kernel_size that we
did define, we didn't define strides.
I'm not sure how to explain
what strides are, but
here I think the default
values will be 1,1.
And here we have a MaxPooling2D layer, and
you have our activation
that's using 10 units.
So here you can see that you have a mix of
things that we have cleared manually and
a bunch of things that
are probably have default values.
But here we have this and we should be
able to also see that it's actually
then requiring the weights that been
filed and if you remember from yesterday,
that's like a binary file so you can't
really exactly see what's going on.
But the binary, the weights file,
it contains the way that the model
was tweaked as it was being trained.
So usually, sometimes if you
only know the layers of a model,
that doesn't necessarily
tell you really that much.
I think at the moment, if you follow
a little bit what's going on with AI and
open AI and things, you can sometimes hear
people being, open source the weights.
And it's because if you know the way that
your model was created in terms of layers,
it doesn't really tell you everything.
It's like the weights is more the way
that it was tweaked to get to that,
either accuracy or things like that,
so that's also important.
And I guess usually maybe companies
don't want to open source that okay, so
now we have our model and
we saved it to our folder.
So maybe at this point, before we use it
in our app to actually predict things,
let's maybe try to make some changes and
see if we can update the accuracy.
So the thing as well as, you might have
noticed that is that I got 0.5, but
the thing is sometimes
you can rerun it and
it will actually give you see all
of a sudden have 0.9, [LAUGH].
So, the thing as well is that
with machine learning models,
sometimes they're people you will hear
people tell you that they're some kind of
like a black box you don't
really understand how?
They ended up making certain decisions or
having a certain level of accuracy.
So unfortunately, sometimes I just ruin it
a few times and when the accuracy is good,
then I stop touching it, which is
probably not the best way to do it.
But it's also in AI,
you'll hear people say that,
if companies use AI, you should get to a
point where you want to be able to explain
how the model made certain decisions,
but it's difficult.
But I think here I have no idea
what all of a sudden, it's 0.9 but
it means that if I did
not retrain it now and
I used the model that is now in my
model folder here, it means that in
the UI I should expect it to recognize
better a circle and a triangle.
So maybe, for me,
maybe we're not gonna tweak it now,
maybe I'm gonna use mine
that's on 0.95 now.
So it means that 95% of the time it was
able to actually recognize correctly
what was in the test folder.
So if for you it's like
a lower accuracy of below 0.5,
maybe like retrain it a few times.
And then if really it's the next
step of this project is we're going
to use it in the UI to get live data.
And then once that's working, then we can
maybe tweak parameters or add a layer and
see how that works as well.
But here if we look at look
at the output of the model,
we can see that the values
do change over time.
So here I started at 0.653,
and then it kind of well,
the next step was a bit lower.
And over time, you can either increase
the number of epochs or increase the batch
size or add more images, so there's
a lot of things that you can do there.